[cye/ml-subpackage-ci] Onboard bionemo-llm and bionemo-noodles to the sub-package CI. (#809)
NVIDIA/bionemo-framework: sub-packages/bionemo-noodles/README.md

# bionemo-noodles

> `bionemo-noodles` is a Python wrapper of [noodles](https://github.com/zaeleus/noodles) that supports `memmap`-based file I/O for FASTA files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bionemo-noodles` is a Python wrapper of [noodles](https://github.com/zaeleus/noodles) that extends FAIDX to support `memmap`-based file I/O for FASTA files.
```

        self.tokenizer = tokenizer

    def write_idx_map(self, output_dir: Path):
        """Write the index map to the output directory."""
        with open(output_dir / "seq_idx_map.json", "w") as f:
            json.dump({seqid: idx for idx, seqid in enumerate(self.seqids)}, f)

    def __len__(self):
        """Get the length of the dataset."""
        return len(self.seqids)

    def __getitem__(self, idx: int) -> dict[str, torch.Tensor]:
        """Get an item from the dataset."""
        sequence = self.fasta[self.seqids[idx]].sequence().upper()
        tokenized_seq = self.tokenizer.text_to_ids(sequence)
        loss_mask = torch.ones_like(torch.tensor(tokenized_seq, dtype=torch.long), dtype=torch.long)
        return {
            "tokens": torch.tensor(tokenized_seq, dtype=torch.long),
            "position_ids": torch.arange(len(tokenized_seq), dtype=torch.long),
            "seq_idx": torch.tensor(idx, dtype=torch.long),
            "loss_mask": loss_mask,
        }
```

## BioNeMo Framework Ecosystem Development

To install this sub-package locally (with `--editable`):
```
pip install -e .
```

To run unit tests, execute:
```bash
pytest -v .
```

> To build wheels for different Python, Linux, and system architecture configurations, run the [BioNeMo Sub-Package GitHub Actions Workflow (bionemo-subpackage-ci.yml)](https://github.com/NVIDIA/bionemo-framework/blob/main/.github/workflows/bionemo-subpackage-ci.yml)

Reviewer: <3
